Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
He loved the boxing ring
because like life...
The ring was about the fight for survival.
Truth is. before the age of six...
I never saw my father.
Whenever I asked about him
mama always said he'd be back soon
welcome to the cotai arena here in Macau!
For today's main event...
Introducing the challenger
Tanaka hiroshi!
Going up against the
reigning and defending...
Ibf middleweight champion...
Zhou shi.
Shi!
Olympic champion zhou shi
turned pro 4 years ago.
Known for his brute determination...
To knockout opponents...
Shi remains undefeated.
Get him. shi!
Beautiful!
Shi has Tanaka on the ropes.
Stop! Get back!
In your corners!
Shi is fearless.
Exactly. he attacks like a mad wolf!
He doesn't hold back.
Who will win the title tonight?
Will it be Japan's Tanaka...
With a 18-2-2 record?
Or our very own...
Zhou shi the wolf?
Undefeated. shi holds a record of...
16 wins. 14 knockouts...
An 87.5% tko rate!
The fast boxer reigns supreme!
The bout resumes!
Box!
Get him. Tanaka!
Pace yourself.
We're witnessing...
Shi decimating Tanaka.
Shi!
Hit him!
- That's a foul...
- Are you blind?
Despite Tanaka's illegal move...
The referee hasn't stopped the fight.
The bout continues.
Is that a smile?
Whoa!
Shi is...
Out for blood. pounding Tanaka!
Shi is on fire!
Is he trying to kill Tanaka?
Stop.
Shi!
Are you ok?
Box.
Stop! Stay back!
Wow... shi literally knocked
Tanaka out of the ring!
Fight's over!
Shi finished Tanaka with a left hook!
- Hey. papa won!
- Shi triumphs...
- We won!
- With yet another ko win!
Shi successfully...
Defended his title.
This bout has come to an end
the winner by way of knockout...
And the ibf middleweight
- champion of the world...
- Shi!
Zhou shi!
King boxer... king boxer!
I feel boxing jabs!
I'm afraid our baby...
Will end up being a little boxer.
You still wear this?
I'll get you a new one...
Something nicer.
You bought it after your first win.
You used every penny you had.
What should I buy you this time?
I don't need anything.
I just want you and our child...
To be healthy and safe
In tonight's...
Ibf championship fight.
after losing in a tko.
Japanese boxer Tanaka...
Was knocked out of the ring...
And struck his head against a post.
Tanaka was rushed to emergency.
He sustained skull base fractures...
And suffered from paralysis
due to severe...
Brain hemorrhaging.
Tanaka may never recover
from his comatose state.
The international boxing
federation expresses deep regrets.
I'm standing here today.
After fighting for a decade.
this is what I believe:
Never hold back!
Yes!
King boxer... king boxer!
Cheers!
Avenge Tanaka!
Boxing is not a license to kill!
Don't move!
Let my brothers go!
Let go!
Deal with me if you have a problem.
You won't be leaving Macau tonight!
Shi!
Xin.
Xin...
Police! Run!
- Let's go!
- Leave me.
Police are here.
Let's go...
Let's go!
Freeze! Hands behind your head!
The defendant has been
found guilty of assault...
Causing bodily harm.
In light of the extenuating circumstances.
I sentence zhou shi to 6 years in prison.
"Restricted area"
Where's Mina?
Get in the car.
Really. tell me.
If she wants to leave me...
I understand.
She's dead.
Mina passed away.
It's...
Nothing to joke about.
Impossible.
You can't be serious.
It can't be true.
That day Mina and your child...
Were walking down the street.
A car suddenly charged.
The driver was drunk.
Mina tried to protect your child...
By jumping in front of the car.
She died.
That was 3 months ago.
Impossible!
She promised...
To wait for me.
Now she's gone?
Are you kidding me?
She was so young.
I later learned that...
Mina sold the house.
But at least...
She got a good price.
Mother and child had enough to live on.
Plus the boxing club is nearby.
Here's Mina's ID card. bank card and...
Your child's birth certificate.
Don't come here anymore.
I don't want my daughter
to remember having...
An inmate for a father.
Shi.
We'll wait for you at home.
Where's my daughter?
Blithe. look.
This is your father.
He's here to take you home.
You don't need to stay here anymore.
You can go home.
I'm sorry. papa has come late.
Blithe.
Greet your father.
He looks the same as the photos at home.
Blithe. he really is your father.
I'm blithe.
Mama said papa named me.
True?
Yes.
Blithe - carefree and happy.
What took you so long?
Where have you been?
Papa was busy boxing.
But I'm back now.
Papa will never leave you again.
I'm going to bed.
Blithe. why are you still up?
I'm sorry...
Did mama leave because of me?
It's not your fault.
It is my fault.
I didn't take good care of mama.
I didn't take care of you.
Don't cry.
Come here.
Blithe and mama took so many pictures.
Where's this from?
The park.
And this?
Mama's birthday.
We went to a restaurant.
Take papa there next time. okay?
Bring the chairs.
Come... come eat!
Get the hotplate... over here.
Can't you do anything right?
Get the table.
Brother.
These past years...
Boss put a lot of pressure on feng.
To keep the boxing club afloat...
We even offer fitness and yoga classes...
Anything to attract clients.
Brothers.
Feng.
King boxer shi has finally returned.
Are you excited?
Yes!
I'm announcing...
The official comeback of
the shi boxing squad!
Hurray!
Shi.
Drink up! Drink up!
A toast to you all.
Cheers!
Cheers...
Feng.
I'm done with boxing.
You're done?
What will you do?
Take care of my child.
All the more reason for
you to make a comeback.
Boxing can't be my only option.
I'm past my prime.
I don't belong in the ring anymore.
I no longer have the hunger to win.
What happened to the old shi...
Who was eager to fight each new opponent?
Feng. I've lost too much.
I just want to raise my daughter.
She's all I have now.
I'm sorry. Mr. zhou.
We can't hire you with
your criminal record.
But. sir! It was an accident.
We have hiring guidelines.
Please understand.
We require employees to be licensed.
Are you licensed?
Licensed?
We're hiring chefs.
Your past boxing career is irrelevant.
You should know...
We're stationed in Africa.
Are you prepared to relocate?
There's a 6 year gap in your work history.
What were you doing during that period?
Yang tai... who's Yang tai?
Come in.
Any related experience?
No.
Can you ride a motorbike?
Are you familiar with the roads...
Of the nearby area?
I can ride a motorbike.
I'm a local.
I know the area well.
Alright.
7 yuan a pop; 400 orders a month.
Start tomorrow.
For each late delivery or complaint...
A fine will be deducted from your pay.
Understood?
Understood.
Blithe.
Wake up.
Papa can't be late for
his first day of work.
Be good.
Hey.
You were drooling.
Get up and wash you face.
Please. get up.
I'm going to be late.
Help papa...
I'm sorry...
Time is running out.
Here.
What would you like?
Toast and omelet.
Sure.
Knife...
Spatula... where is it?
There.
Almost done.
Papa promises...
To do better tomorrow.
Keep up the good work.
Eat.
Wait for me here after school.
Don't go anywhere until you see me.
Bye.
Your father is a delivery boy.
No! Papa is a boxing champ.
Eat whatever you want.
Whenever you want...
Just make your order...
We deliver...
On time...
With courteous service...
Turn left.
Forward! March!
Park there.
No entry with takeout orders.
I'm sorry. sir.
Can I leave this here?
Would you please notify the customer?
Why should 1?
Call him yourself.
No calls allowed here.
Do it outside.
Go outside.
Hurry.
Mr. wang.
I'm downstairs by the hotel entrance.
The guards refuse to let me in.
Please come downstairs to get your food?
I'll be waiting.
Thank you.
Aren't you that...
Boxing champion?
You're mistaken.
Show me some moves. I'm a fan.
I'm busy.
This boxer-turned-delivery-boy...
Still thinks he's a bigshot.
Cut that out.
Don't tell me what to do.
Stop it.
Smile...
What's your problem?
You broke my phone! Pay for it!
Pay for it!
Aren't you a champ? Hit me!
Don't give me that look.
Listen. loser.
I dare you to hit me.
Go ahead. hit me.
Why are you staring?
Why?
What do you want?
Boss.
Brother.
He's my brother.
My brother!
I'm sorry. so sorry...
You're in trouble!
I'm so sorry...
You're dead!
I'll deal with you later.
I'm sorry...
Here.
Use this.
They're lucky you held back...
Or they'd be dead.
Have one.
What is it? Money problems?
I can help you.
I book boxing matches.
When you get out. come fight for me.
I'm a boxer. not a thug.
Make the shot.
Move.
Protect the champ!
Stand back.
My turn.
Yeah!
What have you been up to?
Nice uniform.
Doing a reality show?
You look good.
I'll get you one if you like.
You quit boxing
to be a delivery boy?
It's a decent job.
Boxing champ to delivery boy?
Are you sick?
You should come work for me.
I own many boxing clubs and hotels.
I book events. I need boxers.
What do you say?
I don't box anymore.
I have to go pick up my
daughter from school.
Thanks for your help.
Brother.
We have cake today.
This is yours.
This one is mine.
Eat this first.
Wait... wipe it clean.
Good.
It's yummy.
Really?
Sir. is ♪11 ready?
Yes.
Here you go.
Papa.
What is it?
Nothing.
Blithe.
Put this on.
Don't catch a cold.
Stop running or I'll spank you.
We're late.
My pants are slipping.
Be good in school today.
Put this on.
Pick me up on time today.
I will. don't worry.
Okay. let's go.
Papa.
What?
It's a promise.
Let's go.
Blithe. let's wait inside?
He's here. finally
why are you so late?
I'm sorry.
Blithe said you promised to...
Pick her up at the gate.
She refused to budge.
My apologies.
Take the umbrella.
Get home safely.
Thank you.
- Thanks.
- No worries.
Sorry. papa was late.
I thought you died and left me.
No.
Papa will never leave you.
Papa will never be late again.
You promise.
Be early next time.
I promise.
You have a fever. you can't go to school.
Am I going to die?
No.
Children get fevers all the time.
I'm not a child.
I'm a lady.
My young lady...
Will get well soon.
Boss. I need to take the day off.
A day off?
Just quit then.
Don't bother coming back.
That's not what I meant.
Just for today?
My daughter has a fever.
When people don't want to work...
It's always a family emergency.
Sick parents. sick children...
We don't need you.
Boss...
Hello?
Feng.
I want to come back here to work...
As a janitor or trainer. anything.
I need a place where...
I can also look after...
Blithe.
Some white wine?
Hello. everyone.
I'm zhou shi's daughter. blithe.
I'm not here to train.
But I'll be good.
You're so cute.
Hi.
Go do your homework over there.
Papa will check on you later.
Brother.
This is my weight loss class.
Take over for me.
Don't push them too hard
or they won't return.
I've got to go.
Go.
You're stuck.
Have one.
It's delicious.
Pubg?
Do a lap first.
Huh?
Can't I finish the game first?
Let's move.
Return my snack afterwards.
Your phone.
Don't let me die.
Keep an eye on it.
I'm an actor in real life.
I've been in lots of films and TV shows...
Just bit parts with almost no lines.
All the directors think I'm talented.
But I think my fat body...
Is holding back my career.
Come.
One. two.
One. two. three. four.
I'm an attorney.
Business is okay.
But because I'm so skinny...
People think...
I'm untrustworthy.
I thought boxing...
Would make me stronger
and bigger.
I own a small pub.
I work at night.
I've had my heart broken...
Many times.
But I refuse to give up on myself...
Even after dating so many jerks.
I want to box...
I want Donnie yen's skill and...
Eddie peng's body.
Leading man...
One. two.
One. two. three. four
leading man...
I want to show those directors that...
I can do it!
My goal is simple:
Firm chest. toned arms. perky butt.
And abs.
Igawa decimates his opponent
with a flurry of punches.
His speedy attack strategy is working...
70 seconds into the round one...
Igawa already ko'd his challenger!
General guan defeated the villain
before his wine cooled.
We didn't even finish a beer before...
He got ko'd.
They promised 12 rounds.
I want my 12 rounds.
Uncle feng. who's that man?
Igawa yuji...
The current ibf middleweight champion.
He's only 24.
Since turning pro...
He hasn't been defeated
just like your father.
Champion?
Isn't that papa?
Your papa was the champ.
But when he quit boxing...
Igawa took his place.
Uncle feng. you're lying.
My papa is still the champ!
Stop lying or I'll get mad!
Blithe.
Calm down.
"Little eyes see the world.
lighting the once cold place"
"only realized when they come alive."
"Love is being bold
enough to make a choice."
"it turns bitter into sweet."
"protecting an innocent heart..."
"From harm."
Uncle. keep fighting.
What happened?
Why are they saying that?
I told them that you're a boxing champ...
And they'll see you on TV soon
defeating igawa yuji.
You...
Let's go.
Has papa's cooking improved?
Big improvement.
How was school today?
Good.
Blithe.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
I want to write stories.
A writer?
Yes.
Will you write about me?
Yes!
I'll write about my beloved papa.
Papa. I want water.
I'll get you some.
Were you a good girl today?
Someone's here for you.
I already told her you weren't here.
Is everything okay?
I'll find out.
Come.
You can't just slap people!
I didn't slap anyone
just him.
I'll kill him.
Give her back.
Didn't you promise...
To take good care of her?
Give her back.
Give her back to me.
Stop.
Don't hit my papa.
He's your father?
Yes.
Mina wang is...
My mama.
Let me hug you.
Come.
No!
Don't be afraid.
I'm your mama's mother.
Greet your grandma.
You bastard.
If Mina hadn't met you...
She wouldn't have come
to such a tragic end.
With such a lowlife...
How could you bring a child here?
You want to ruin her life too?
No! Papa takes good care of me.
In the beginning.
your mama said the same thing...
When she came home to visit...
That he took good care of her.
In the end?
In the end...
Name your price.
I'm taking her away.
She's my daughter.
My daughter gave birth to her.
She's my daughter's child.
She's mine too.
See you in court.
Miss zhou.
Your grandmother is expecting you.
Papa. I'm scared.
Do I have to go?
She's your grandma.
Mama would have wanted you to...
Visit her...
Do I have to go to Hong Kong?
It's so far away.
Two days is too long.
Mama grew up in Hong Kong.
She would have wanted you to see it.
Two days will go by in a flash.
Papa. pick me up on time...
Be on time.
No... be early.
I promise you.
I'll miss you.
Don't forget me.
Listen to your grandma.
Let's go.
Bye.
Madam fang.
She's here.
Blithe.
Hey.
Do you want water?
Look.
Grandma brought all these toys for you.
Come.
Let's play with... beads?
We'll make you a necklace?
It'll be pretty.
Never mind.
This?
Blithe. whatever you want...
Just ask grandma.
Except for the stars in the sky...
Grandma can get you anything.
If 1 accept your gifts. can I go home?
You may leave in a few days.
In the meantime...
Keep grandma company.
Just play with grandma for a few days?
Please?
Do you like to read?
Cinderella
do you know the story?
She ends up becoming a Princess.
Grandma has many books
here. take your time.
One of the determining factors...
Is blithe's relationship...
With you and with her grandmother.
Now that she's with her grandmother.
If they bond.
it doesn't bode well for your case.
Your mother-in-law already
filed the lawsuit.
You even delivered blithe to the enemy.
The closest person to blithe now...
Other than me. is her grandmother.
Well. it's up to you.
Blithe. look at grandma's outfit.
Is it pretty?
Are you happy?
The world is a big place.
Grandma will take you around the world...
To see the different countries.
It's my first time on a plane
and my first time on a boat.
From now on. we'll fly...
And sail everywhere.
When you grow up...
I'll send you to the best school.
You'll get the best education...
And visit the most exciting places.
We'll take papa along.
Your situation looks grim.
First. your mother-in-law is...
A major shareholder of a public company.
She's rich.
You just can't compete financially.
Secondly...
Enough.
I know my situation.
No matter what...
I won't give blithe up.
Fine.
Then we'll need to prove that...
She's unfit to care for a child.
I'll do my best to help you.
Let me show you our family photos.
Look. this is your grandfather.
He's American.
This is your uncle Bruce.
This is your auntie Annie.
Your mama.
Your mama and I were very close
when she was little.
I loved your mama best.
When did mama meet papa?
When she's 19...
Shi came to Hong Kong to train.
I was against it from the start.
Why?
Boxers are not husband materials...
Nothing but muscle and brawn.
Mina. stop right there.
I'm warning you. if you leave...
And marry that boxer...
Don't ever come back!
I'll disown you
even after you die!
Ma.
Don't worry.
Take care.
I missed your mama dearly.
I often worried about her.
A few years ago...
I fell ill.
It was a long and difficult recovery.
When I was ill...
I had time to reflect...
Maybe I wasn't a good mother.
I was too strict.
If I was nicer to your mama.
perhaps...
She would have come to
me when she needed help.
I could have helped her.
You know. you resemble your mama...
In many ways.
Treat uncle to a candy.
You ate his candy.
Mr. zhou. madam fang asked
me to inform you...
No need to wait.
Miss had a long day and is now asleep.
We'll send her back tomorrow.
Don't worry.
Blithe. you're back.
Yes.
Papa.
Grandma gave me lots of presents...
Like this iPad
I finally have my own iPad.
Look.
I have so many toys.
Like this one...
I can finally...
Plays drums.
And with this one... I won't feel...
Also...
Grandma gave me lots of stuffed animals.
They're so much fun.
Like this one...
Super fun.
When I'm bored...
I can play with it.
Blithe.
Are you hungry?
Last night grandma and I...
Watched fireworks as we ate dinner.
We also watched a magic show
and saw a real Princess.
We also flew on a plane
and went to ocean park.
Mr. zhou. we're leaving now.
It was super fun.
Look at this
and this
and the clothes.
Is it pretty?
Blithe...
Want to live with grandma
and study in the uk?
The uk?
Do they have fun stuff there?
And real princesses?
You can't play all the time.
You should study too.
What are you saying?
I get good grades.
That's not enough.
You need to learn more.
Grandma can give you things I can't.
If you stay with me. you'll be...
A loser.
What do you mean "loser"?
Zhou shi was a terrible husband.
He convinced my daughter to...
Leave me and cut all ties.
I didn't hear from them after they eloped.
Back then. zhou shi promised to...
Take good care of my daughter.
In the end...
He only cared about his boxing career.
When my daughter was about...
To deliver her baby...
Where was he?
He was in prison. serving
a sentence for assault.
He abandoned his wife and child.
My mother-in-law is right.
I was a terrible husband...
And a bad father.
When my wife and daughter...
Needed me the most...
I wasn't there for them.
I've already lost my wife.
I will not give up my daughter.
By the time I found zhou shi.
I discovered he was
raising my grandchild...
In a sleazy boxing club.
The child is still in her formative years.
As a father.
he should encourage her
to learn and study...
Instead of taking her to a boxing club.
And exposing her to such a violent sport.
zhou shi is unfit to be a father.
His actions prove that...
He's negligent...
Woefully unqualified...
And incapable of raising
my grandchild properly.
I'm struggling to earn a living...
I can't always provide the best...
In terms of properly caring for her.
But...
It doesn't mean that I don't love her.
I'm a successful business woman...
Major shareholder of a public company.
I have the means and resources...
To provide for my grandchild...
In a safe and nurturing environment
with the best education.
I implore the court to...
Award me the custody of my grandchild.
Zhou shi escorts blithe
to and from school himself.
He has never been late...
Rain or shine.
He's devoted to her.
He's more punctual than most parents.
When shi was the boxing champ.
he made hundreds of thousands...
From just one match.
He could afford houses and cars.
Today. for his child's sake...
He's left...
The boxing career that he loved.
Let me ask everyone here.
Haven't we all...
Encountered setbacks in life?
Truth is. I love my mama the most.
But she went...
Somewhere faraway.
I know grandma loves me and she's amazing.
She can buy me many things
that papa cannot.
But when papa holds me in his arms.
I feel like...
Mama is still with me.
I feel like I still have a family.
Every time I call for him.
papa comes immediately.
I believe in him.
I know papa will never abandon me.
I know he loves me.
If we were to part...
It would break my heart.
Papa is good to me.
When I can't sleep. he keeps me company.
He makes me breakfast everyday.
When I'm sad. he hugs me.
he comforts me.
Grandma. I don't want your gifts.
I just want papa.
Listen...
The court may have faith
in you but I don't.
I'll use every means at my disposal...
Until you surrender custody.
Hold me - come.
Look at the skyline.
It's beautiful.
The stars have gone home
because of the rain.
Papa.
Will you leave me one day?
Papa will never leave you ever again.
Hot water! Hot water!
Here we go.
Good.
Thanks.
Well. umm...
Everyone. I want to say a few words
I know I'm not a good speaker.
I just want to thank you all...
For helping me in my time of need.
And... and blithe...
Umm...
Enough.
Shi and I went to the superstore today.
Australian-raised Mongolian beef.
It's fattier than me.
We also have Mongolian shrimps.
I picked everything.
He paid the bill.
Let's get started.
More meat...
Your favorite - jujube.
Hot!
Have you never eaten hotpot?
Just eat your shrimp.
Keep eating.
Where's my meatball?
Where?
Here.
In my mouth.
That's mine. give it back...
Can I have more sauce. please?
Let's get more later.
You lost. drink up.
No. you lost.
Hey. you hit my face.
I will do laundry when we get home.
Messy.
Drink up!
We're out of meat.
Hot!
What is it?
Grow up.
Bring me water.
Come drink some water.
Come.
Okay...
Drink some water...
Some stupid prank of yours!
Hey...
Come on...
Just a bit of chili pepper. You'll be fine.
She coughs... blood.
Papa. it hurts.
You fed her chili pepper?
It's okay. papa's here...
Don't be afraid.
We'll go to the hospital?
Let's go now?
Let's go.
This way.
Doctor...
Doctor?
Where's the emergency room?
Through there.
Over there...
Straight ahead...
Papa.
Almost done...
Papa's here.
It's okay...
Almost done.
Don't worry.
My daughter just choked a little.
Why is she bleeding so much?
Doctor. is she okay?
Her nosebleed has stopped.
Based on her current condition...
I recommend admitting her for observation
and further tests.
These are blithe's test results
that confirm...
Your daughter has acute
lymphocytic leukemia.
Treating leukemia...
Is a long and difficult process.
We need to immediately...
Begin chemotherapy.
How is this possible?
My daughter is healthy.
I understand how you feel.
Chemotherapy causes severe side effects.
But success rates are improving.
There's only a 20% chance of recurrence.
But we can also try...
A bone marrow transplant.
After successful treatment...
Survival rates are quite high.
The outlook for your child...
Is still positive.
You must not despair.
Doctor. there must be a mistake...
Listen...
Chemotherapy and bone marrow transplants...
Are quite costly.
Make the necessary financial
arrangements quickly.
That's all.
Hang in there. blithe.
Almost done.
Stop...
It hurts.
It's done.
Blithe. don't worry. papa's here.
Papa. it hurts.
Am I going to die?
No.
You're the daughter of a champ.
We won't lose this fight.
But it hurts.
I'm tired.
No more needles.
Blithe. you know...
Papa has taken a few blows in the ring.
It's the same in life.
Sometimes you win.
sometimes you lose.
It's important not to quit.
You must not give up.
You must keep fighting.
You must keep going even if you get hit.
If you stay on your feet...
You have a chance of winning.
If I win. I'm a champ. right?
Of course.
Let's win this fight together.
Here. one more.
Move... move
load them to the truck.
Stop.
It hurts.
The compatibility test results are in.
I'm sorry.
You're not a match for your daughter.
We can only hope...
For a match to turn up.
Meanwhile...
You and your family...
Should work to raise funds.
I'm her father.
How can I not be a match?
How can a hospital this
big fail to find a match?
She's just a child.
She can't endure much more.
Doctor. find another way.
There must be another way.
Please try?
I'm zhou shi.
I would like to meet.
Are you ready to negotiate?
Blithe has acute lymphocytic leukemia.
What?
Blithe...
Leukemia?
She needs to find a bone marrow donor.
She was perfectly fine.
How come anyone around you gets jinxed?
You're cursed. zhou shi.
Where is she now?
In the hospital.
Fine. I'll take over from here.
I'll get her the best treatment.
However...
Let's get one thing clear...
I'm giving up custody
but you must get her cured.
Of course.
Without me. what can you do for her?
If it wasn't for me...
What can you do?
What can you do for her?
My lawyer will draft the
agreement for you to sign.
After that...
Disappear from our lives.
Papa.
I love this Princess wig
that you brought me.
I'll grow my hair long too.
Yes.
Blithe.
Papa also brought this for you.
Here.
It's mama's necklace.
Oh. grandma came to visit the other day.
She said you asked her to come.
Blithe.
I'll be too busy...
To come visit you.
It doesn't mean...
That I don't love you.
You know papa loves blithe very much.
I think it's befter...
If grandma looks after you.
No! I want papa.
Papa don't leave me.
If grandma comes. I'll chase her away.
I don't want to see her ever again.
I just want papa.
Papa has his own life to live too.
I can't spend all my
time and energy on you.
I'm tired...
Of looking after you everyday.
I'll get better.
You won't be tired anymore.
I promise to be good.
Because of you...
I can't do anything.
You throw tantrums.
you're a picky eater.
you won't go to bed. you wake up late.
You're too much trouble.
I'm sorry.
Everyday...
I have to buy food. cook for you...
Clean your room...
Put away your toys.
I can't take it anymore.
I hate it.
I'm sorry...
I've spent a fortune on your treatment.
I'm broke now.
I have nothing left.
Your father is a failure.
You know?
I'm sorry.
I won't be a picky eater.
I'll go to bed early.
I'll study.
I'll keep my room tidy.
I'll get better.
Don't leave me.
Blithe. time to face reality.
You're lucky grandma still wants you.
Who else would take you in?
I can't.
We'll see each other when you grow up.
Just focus on getting better.
Otherwise. you won't see me again.
Understand?
Don't leave me.
Papa. come back.
I'll get better.
Come back.
Papa. don't leave me.
Mr. zhou?
What can you do for her?
Really. if it wasn't for me...
What can you do?
What can you do for her?
Blithe has been...
Making good progress.
All of her blood test results
are in the normal range.
We'll continue our current treatment plan.
Hope everything goes well. god bless.
Grandma.
Will I get better faster in this hospital?
Can you ask the doctor...
When I'll be discharged?
You'll get well soon.
Just listen to the doctors and nurses.
Grandma. I want to play games.
Do you have a phone?
You want to call someone?
I told you. I want to play games.
Naughty girl.
Hello?
Papa.
Blithe.
Papa. have you eaten?
I miss you so much.
Papa misses you too.
Are you mad at papa for yelling at you?
I know you just wanted me to go...
With grandma.
You've never yelled at me before.
Grandma took me to Beijing...
To a big hospital.
The people here are nice.
I behave and take my shots and pills.
Grandma even found me a tutor...
To help me study.
Don't worry about me.
That's good.
Listen to your grandma.
Okay?
I'll get well soon...
And grow up fast.
so I can be with papa again.
Right?
Yes.
Blithe will be with papa soon.
Blithe...
Papa knows that fighting this disease...
Is painful.
But remember what papa told you.
If you endure the punches...
You can still win.
You must work hard. okay?
It's like life.
No one wins all the time.
Sometimes you win. sometimes you lose.
Papa. I'm going to win.
My papa is a champ.
I'm a champ's daughter.
I can punch back. too.
That's right.
Blithe is the smartest.
Papa...
Will never give up.
Blithe must never give up. too.
Blithe.
Be free and happy.
Papa. when I call you next time...
Pick up quickly.
I promise you...
I'll wait by the phone. okay?
Papa.
What is it?
It's okay.
Bye. papa.
Papa.
I love you too.
Godard. punch harder.
Feng.
I want to return to the
ring and reclaim my title.
Chairman wang.
Remember me?
I'm zhou shi's agent.
Zhou shi...
He retired 7 years ago.
Can he still fight?
Of course.
He's still in good shape.
His age is his unique selling point.
You should start...
With an opponent ranked twentieth...
Work your way up to the
top 10 over three years.
I can't wait that long.
Just 18 months.
Just one bite.
You'll have no strength if you don't eat.
Exactly.
7 years ago.
ibf middleweight champion zhou shi...
Disappeared from public view.
The wolf just announced his
comeback next month...
- Papa!
- Against 26-year-old...
- Why is he on TV?
- Thai champion surachai.
That's my papa!
Are you ready?
- Papa is amazing!
- Some say...
You're a has-been.
How do you respond?
Blithe...
Papa will win.
Super cool.
Let's pray for the wolf...
After a 7-year hiatus...
That he won't be slaughtered.
Papa's got to win!
Young miss.
Have a bite.
Grandma. can we go see the match live?
I want to see papa.
Only if you eat.
Alright.
Give me the bowl.
If it was shi from 7 years ago...
Surachai would be no match for him.
But in boxing. youth...
Is half the battle.
The wolf of today is...
No match for surachai in terms of
strength and stamina.
Welcome to Thailand. ladies and gentlemen.
It's been a long time...
But he's finally back...
Zhou shi is making his
comeback fight tonight here
in Bangkok. Thailand.
Break! Break it up!
Box.
Stop! Back to your corners!
Stop!
One...
Two...
Three...
Papa. I'm going to win.
My papa is a champ.
I'm a champ's daughter.
I can punch back too.
Six...
Seven...
Eight...
Are you okay?
Can you continue?
Box!
Stop. stop. stop.
Go back to your corners!
Seven
eight...
Nine...
Former ibf champion zhou shi's
first comeback fight...
Has certainly impressed...
Younger fans...
Unfamiliar with his attack strategy.
Can the wolf continue to defy expectations?
You must take your medication
and eat more...
Zhou shi is moving onto
his next opponent in Seoul. Korea
This bout has come to an
end due to a knockout.
Winner - zhou shi
win after win.
zhou shi has been looking incredible.
Moving on to his next challenge
in London. england...
I'm not sure if he's...
The greatest fighter of all time.
But I guarantee.
he has the greatest fighting spirit.
Shi the wolf is on his way to a comeback...
The winner by way of knockout:
Zhou shi.
Wow. papa was amazing!
Igawa yuji...
If 1 didn't retire from the ring...
You wouldn't be the champion.
I challenge you to a match!
Beat igawa.
Alright.
Enough TV.
Papa. the doctor said
I've made huge progress.
I saw you boxing on TV.
I can see you wherever you fight.
When I'm well. I'll go see you fight live.
Papa. keep fighting.
Papa wants to win the
world championship belt
for you.
Papa is fighting hard.
blithe must fight too.
Never give up. let's win
this fight together.
Yes. papa.
Faster.
Again.
Brother.
How did you find me?
I saw you fight.
It's what you're meant for.
You deserve to be hit.
Why didn't you call?
What for?
Hey.
Didn't you announce live...
You wanted to challenge igawa yuji?
I'm the only one who can...
Make this match happen.
I can guarantee...
Igawa will agree to the match.
But...
If you fight in your current state.
he'll slaughter you.
Two months...
Give me two months.
It's no use.
We need to...
Find the best team to train you.
I'll take care of it.
Don't thank me.
I plan to make a fortune.
Match of the century
between the former and...
The current middleweight world champions.
Igawa San. you're...
Undefeated with 21 wins and 18 kos.
Why did you accept zhou shi's challenge?
What made you come to the decision of...
Accepting the old champ's challenge?
Before I turned pro.
I used to watch zhou shi fight...
And think to myself:
I can ko him.
Within 3 rounds?
3 punches.
He doesn't even have the
same killer instinct.
I despise boxers who fight for show only.
My agent was lured in by the prize money...
Otherwise I wouldn't have
agreed to fight him.
Zhou shi.
You were once a brash champion yourself.
Do you have any comment?
Il... umm
I want to tell my daughter:
Papa didn't give up...
Will never give up.
Even if life deals you a bad hand...
You can triumph with
faith and determination.
I have faith you'll beat the disease
coz' you're a champ's daughter.
You may have skill and experience
but you must change your attack strategy.
We've analyzed igawa's past bouts.
He's as good as you were 7 years ago.
You can't match him in
terms power and stamina.
You think you can beat
yourself from 7 years ago?
You need more strength and
conditioning training.
It's an endurance battle.
We'll build up your muscle strength quickly
to counter igawa's attack.
Imagine you have just one
chance to hit igawa.
That punch...
Must pack the force of an oncoming train.
Faster.
Stop.
Blithe is a good girl.
No more needles.
You'll get better in no time.
Stop.
It hurts just a little.
Bear with it.
Maximize each chance to land a blow...
Give it the full force of 1000-pound weight
then a miracle may happen.
Blithe.
Papa is already in Japan.
preparing for the fight.
Let's win this fight together.
Uncle feng. you're here!
Did you miss me?
Yes.
Want to see your father fight in Japan?
I begged grandma but she won't let me...
Don't listen to that old hag.
Uncle will take you.
Godard...
What is your status?
I snuck in posing as a guard.
I have blithe's passport;
See you at the airport.
You'll meet your father soon. blithe.
Hurry...
What are you doing?
Where are you taking her?
This is kidnap!
Who are you?
Grandma. don't be mad.
They're papa's friends.
I want to see papa fight.
Yell at me if you want.
Sorry. it's a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding?
I'm warning you... I'll call the police.
Grandma!
I'm calling the police now.
Nurse. oh please...
Grandma. don't call the police.
You should go.
Go see my father; I can't go.
Go.
I'm staying.
Are you happy now?
Who said you can't go?
If you must go. grandma will take you.
I always knew you were the best.
Thank you!
Just this once.
Welcome to the Tokyo dome for the...
Ibf middleweight championship.
Welcome to the Tokyo dome
here in Tokyo. Japan...
For the ibf middleweight...
Grandma. this is yours
championship of the world!
And now. ladies and gentlemen.
Fighting out of the red corner
representing Shanghai. China.
the previous middleweight
champion of the world...
- Zhou shi.
- Blithe. go tell your father you're here.
No. let's not distract him.
Okay.
Representing Tokyo. Japan.
The present middleweight
champion of the world.
igawa yuji.
Tonight. former world champion. zhou shi...
Challenges the reigning champ...
10 years his junior...
Igawa yuji.
Both boxers are undefeated.
Will zhou shi win back his title...
Or get ko'd by igawa?
We'll find out tonight.
China's former king boxer zhou shi...
Returns to the ring after
7 years of absence.
Can he prove himself to
the world one more time?
Former Chinese king boxer
zhou shi makes his...
Comeback bid.
Can he prove to the world tonight that...
He's still the champ?
I can't wait.
Zhou zhi has a 20-0 record with 15 kos.
His tko rate is 75%.
Tonight marks...
The veteran boxer's 21st bout.
Let's welcome the challenger from China:
Zhou shi.
Japan's world champion igawa
is a swarmer known for
his speed and destructive punches.
Dubbed the monster.
lgawa's meteoric rise...
Hit its apex with the
ibf title 3 years after his debut.
He's been world's no.1 since.
That's right. igawa has
remained undefeated.
Zhou shi has a...
Daunting task ahead.
- Igawa yuji just entered the ring.
- Zhou shi.
- He looks calm and confident.
- Papa. keep fighting!
Igawa has a 21-0 record with 18 kos.
His tko rate is a whopping 85%.
Applause for - igawa yuji.
Fighters. step forward!
Gentlemen. listen to my
commands. fight clean...
Protect yourselves at all times.
do you understand?
I won't hold back.
Touch gloves.
Judge 1.
Judge 2.
Judge 3.
Fighters. ready?
And... box!
Igawa is in top form...
A true monster!
The former champ from China...
Launched his comeback just last year
with impressive results.
Quite a feat for the
veteran to come so far...
To fight the world's no.1.
Tonight's bout will be one for the ages.
Shi isn't backing off
despite sustaining many blows.
Move it... come on!
He's like ironman...
Zhou shi doesn't feel pain.
He just keeps taking the blows.
Stop!
- To your corner!
- Igawa is light on his feet.
By contrast. unlike his formidable foe...
Zhou shi appears sluggish.
Zhou shi may be tough as steel.
but he has yet to land a real blow.
Ironman zhou shi...
Has yet to land a substantial blow.
- Make sure you keep your hands up.
- Good job...
Look. he's done for.
Should I go easy on him?
He won't last long.
Don't let your guard down.
I'll be fine.
Keep your guard up.
Don't let him get close.
Don't get too comfortable.
You got this.
Keep going.
Hang in there.
Keep it up.
Box!
Use the jab.
Papa. keep fighting.
Papa.
Hands up! Hands up!
Stop!
Go to your corner...
Excellent.
Go to your corner!
Sit down. relax... that was a good round.
You have to push him back. alright?
Keep it up.
Box!
Get off the ropes.
Break it up...
Go to your corner.
Doctor... zhou shi. look at me.
Head up...
Zhou. relax.
Compose yourself... take your time.
Listen to me.
Hang in there.
He's dropping his guard.
W ait for a chance to
land the decisive blow.
- Is it okay to continue?
- Come on...
- Are you good?
- It's go time! Come on. you got this!
And... box!
Move... move... take your time.
Stop! Break it up!
Go back to your corner!
Box!
Don't meet force with force.
Igawa's lightning fast jabs
hit the Mark every time.
Zhou shi can barely fight back.
He's been hit in the face repeatedly.
Zhou shi is down!
Look. igawa's lightning blows!
It's over.
No one can recover from such a blow.
Come on. zhou shi. get up!
Get up! Get up!
Two...
Three...
Mom used to say...
Papa was an awesome boxer.
He won every single time.
Four...
Is that true?
Five...
Papa.
Six...
Papa. papa.
Seven...
Wow...
Zhou shi is getting up!
His determination is incredible.
Hats off to the wolf.
Eight...
Zhou shi is back on his feet.
He hasn't given up.
He's still standing!
What an extraordinary display of will.
Zhou shi stood back up
before the referee reached 10.
The boxer has a will of iron.
Stay here... time...
Hand me the towel.
Papa! Papa!
Keep fighting!
Get ready... time...
Box!
Igawa is growing impatient.
He attacks shi with a flurry of punches.
He has him on the ropes.
Break it up.
Zhou shi is struggling.
Ilgawa's strength and stamina
are on full display.
He's not even breathing hard.
Break!
Stop! Igawa. go to your corner.
Shi. how do you feel?
Sit down.
It's okay.
Here. drink some water.
Spit it out.
He has a death wish... he hits hard though.
You'll be fine.
You're winning.
He's struggling. we'll be fine.
I didn't expect him to
recover after that punch.
He's tougher than we thought.
Finish him off quickly.
You can't continue.
You put up a good fight.
Let's call it quits.
If you throw in the towel. I'll kill you.
Come on... let's go!
Zhou shi's spirit is indomitable.
I'm amazed he's still standing.
He's still standing.
Maybe miracles do happen.
Stop! Zhou shi. go to the neutral corner.
One... two...
Three... four...
Are you okay? Can you continue?
Ready...
Box!
Stop... break it up!
- Come on. ref.
- Go to your corners.
It's okay... sit down. drink some water.
Relax. just drink some water. okay?
You've got this.
Here. drink it...
Spit it out...
Zhou. it's the last round.
All these years of training is for now.
Right now. this round is yours. okay?
Let's go... let's go!
Hang in there.
You got this. zhou!
Box!
Put your hands up!
Stop!
Zhou shi is down once again.
That blow was deadly!
Igawa put his full force behind it...
It's bound to cause damage.
Three...
Four...
Five...
Six...
Seven...
Eight...
Nine...
Step forth... can you continue?
Ready... box!
Finish him!
Zhou shi's fighting with all he's got.
He's in the zone!
He's giving igawa a hard time.
Igawa is also fighting with all he's got.
Igawa is down!
Unbelievable!
This is truly the match of the century.
Will and determination can make miracles.
Both fighters gave it
their best and put on...
A hell of a show.
Zhou shi's indomitable
spirit created a miracle.
King boxer...
Our king boxer!
This is a once-in-a-lifetime match.
Great sportsmanship
displayed by both boxers.
It truly was spectacular.
Zhou shi... zhou shi.
The fighters display tremendous efforts.
What an amazing 12th rounds of fighting.
"In the ring. and in life. never give up."
Ms. zhou.
you are a best-selling writer.
What inspired you
to write about your fight against cancer?
Specifically. I was inspired by
what had transpired
between my father and me.
He taught me to be persevering like him.
He encouraged me.
He helped give me a second chance at life.
which I gladly took.
He gave me a lifetime supply
of faith and courage.
enabling me to have overcome my illness.
Therefore. in my heart...
Papa will always be a champion.
Even though he is no longer around
to read my book.
there are no longer any regrets
in either of our lives.
All I want to tell you. papa.
is that you won in the end.
I will live my life to the fullest.